QUICK LINKS
Email
Canvas
UDAcademe (Faculty180)
My UD
People Directory
Classifieds
Web forms
Web views
Concur
UDSIS
UD Dropbox
UD P.O. Box
Human Resources
FOR FACULTY
Faculty Senate
Faculty Handbook
Collective Bargaining Agreement
Faculty Commons
Curriculum Management
UD Catalog
American Association of University Professors, UD Chapter
UNIVERSITY RESOURCES
Office of the President
Provost's Office
Board of Trustees
Colleges
University policies
UD HEALTH
Nurse Managed Primary Care Center
Delaware Physical Therapy Clinic
Speech-Language-Hearing Clinic
ACADEMICS
Dean of Students
Office of Graduate and Professional Education 
Research Office
Visiting scholars
 
CAMPUS SERVICES
Campus Map
Compliance Hotline
Conference Services
Disability Support Services
Environmental Health & Safety
Facilities
Information Technology
Parking & Transportation
Payroll
Printing Services
Procurement Services
Student Behavior Consultation Team
UD Time
UDeploy
EMPLOYEE HEALTH
& WELLBEING
Ambassadors
Fitness classes
Programs

ON CAMPUS 
Athletics
Bookstore
Libraries
Museums
 
WORK-LIFE
Benefits
Early Learning Center
Talent Development
Policies & Leaves
Working at UD
WORKING AT UD

University of Delaware - Embracing Diversity
HAPPENING AT UD
May 8, 2020
CANCELLED University of Delaware Rowing at Dad Vail Regatta - Novice Crews
May 8, 2020
IRB DEADLINE: IRB Protocols Due Via IRBNet for May 20 Meeting
May 8, 2020
Postponed: Kente Stole Registration
May 8, 2020 6am
Virtual Recruitment Week
ud-monogram-2018
Two doctoral hooding event attendeesExplore UD in Photos Student working in biomedical engineering labFind your passion: Major Finder Alumni & FriendsAlumni & Friends: Give to UD and Connect
 UD Home
EXPLORE
About Us
Athletics
UDaily
Virtual Tour
Employment
ACADEMICS
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Colleges
Library
Research
SERVICES
Accessibility Notice
People Directory
My UD
Campus Safety
A to Z Index
CONNECT
Contact Us
University of Delaware Newark, DE 19716 USA 
P: 302-831-2792
Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Pinterest Linkedin
©2020 University of Delaware Comments Legal Notices Accessibility
Skip to content
University of Delaware
OFFICE OF THE DEAN OF STUDENTS
302-831-8939 deanofstudents@udel.edu
Advocacy
 
Support
 
Resources
 
Report concerns about a student’s wellbeing to the SBCT
 Office of the Dean of Students | UD Division of Student Life
For Students
 
For Faculty and Staff
 
For Parents and Families
Search for...
Search …
Search
Virtual Support
The Office of the Dean of Students is available remotely. Please call 302-831-8939 during business hours (8-5 M-F) or email deanofstudents@udel.edu for assistance. For more information about coronavirus, visit udel.edu/coronavirus.
Office of the Dean of Students
Prioritizing student wellbeing and amplifying the student voice
Contact a dean
1234
Our Mission and VisionOur ValuesWe Are Blue Hens values statement
The Office of the Dean of Students is a central resource for students, families, faculty and staff when navigating the complexities of the university experience through student support and advocacy, family engagement, and collaborations.
Our vision is that our office will lead the University of Delaware in utilizing student experiences and their holistic development to shape campus culture.

You can support students in need
Give to the Student Crisis Fund
The University of Delaware’s Student Crisis Fund supports eligible students who face a serious financial hardship due to unanticipated crisis. Situations are considered on a case-by-case basis and may eliminate unforeseen barriers to students’ persistence at UD such as food or home insecurity, travel costs related to a sudden death or illness in the immediate family, out-of-pocket medical costs, or replacement of personal belongings due to fire, natural disaster, or theft.
Make a Gift

Advocacy and Navigating Issues

We often meet with students who are experiencing challenges, obstacles, or crises in their life that may affect their success at UD, and we serve as a resource hub to connect students to resources both on- and off-campus. We are happy to meet with you to discuss what has been happening and how we can help ensure your success at UD. ODS also assist students in:
– Building self-advocacy skills
– Addressing academic or nonacademic grievances
– Navigating University policies including excused absences
– Living off-campus or commuting from home
– Attending UD as a military veteran or service member
– Dealing with homelessness or food insecurity

Explore Advocacy
flag: <inset flag>
Support

Call us at 302-831-8939 or email deanofstudents@udel.edu to schedule a one-on-one consultation about your success and what we can do to help you achieve your personal or educational goals. ODS manages medical and military leaves of absence at UD, and supports students who are:
– Contemplating leave or withdrawal from UD
– Worried about a fellow student’s behavior
– Returning to UD after a mental health emergency
– Struggling with an unforeseen financial crisis
– Affected by sexual misconduct or discriminatory harassment

Explore Support

Resources

How do I obtain an excused absence from class? Who can help me resolve my academic or financial concern? Does the Office of the Dean of Students offer Dean’s Certifications? What campus resources serve my needs? Get answers to these questions and more.
– Frequently Asked Questions
– Division of Student Life Resources
– Campus and Local Resources
– Undocumented and DACA Student Resources

Explore Resources
Who are we?
Visit the Offices of the Dean of Students and Vice President for Student Life Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. in 101 Hullihen Hall, call 302-831-8939, or email us anytime.

Adam D. Cantley
Dean of Students

Katie Rizzo
Associate Dean of Students

Meaghan Davidson
Assistant Dean of Students,
Parent & Family Engagement

Brian Armstrong Jr.
Assistant Dean of Students,
Case Management and Student Engagement

Brooks Raup
Student Veteran Services Coordinator

Brenda Juarez
Student Coordinator,
Parent & Family Engagement
The Division of Student Life advances equity and inclusion, deepens student learning, and drives holistic development through education, experiences, and communities.
UD
Go to the UD twitter page (external link)>
Go to the UD facebook page (external link)>
Go to the UD instagram page (external link)>
Go to the UD youtube page (external link)>
Go to the UD pintrest page (external link)>
Go to the UD linkedin page (external link)>
©
2020 
University of Delaware
Comments
Legal Notices
Accessibility Notice